Here is the meeting text:Hey Arshad, how are you doing? Hi Raj, I'm doing great. How about yourself? Good, good, good. So what have you been up to? Well, I've just registered for a product management hackathon which is being organized by the APMC club at Northeastern and you know I'm working on that these days. Oh wow. Can you can you tell me what are you thinking about like it might be a product based hackathon, right? What are you building? Yeah, it is a product based hackathon. So essentially we have been given a problem statement where you know we have to imagine ourselves as a vice president of a product company and let's say you want to roll out a new feature and you know that there are a list of companies that are given and this feature has to be for the you know the demographics is for ranges from children to old age people in the US. So right from the ideation of the product until the execution how are you going to drive the entire thing and build an MVP is what I am building on these days. So I have chosen my idea as to build TikTok for kids and you know that's what I'm working on these days. Yeah. Is it do you have a team or like how are you going about it? Is it more about the strategy you are following or is it about the product or you know the features that you want to have in the product like what is the hackathon based on? Right. So it's it's a mix of both of the things. So firstly we are a team of four people and the first round of the hackathon is just giving them a pitch which which should be in the form of a PowerPoint presentation and then in the next round we'll be building the MVP which is essentially a no-code platform. We are not writing any code. We have to just pitch the idea which is a strategy and then build the MVP in terms of the user flow and the user journey. Oh wow that sounds interesting. And so this product that you're talking about TikTok for kids, how is it going to be different from the normal TikTok that we have? Right. So when you when we speak of normal TikTok, right, there have been multiple instances where normal TikTok has had several concerns related to what kind of content that is being consumed by the people. So when I thought of this idea of building TikTok for kids, then you know there have been several features that we have been thinking of, for example, parental control. Since we are building this very application for children whose age range is between infant to preteens, right, so parental control is one of the important features and then following the regulatory compliance and guidance and what all other features that can be used so that you know the content that the children consume are also more on the lines of studying and science and entertainment and more education, educated format. But one of the very important features that I'm really, you know, really enthusiastic to talk about is the fact that whenever any spam content is shown to a children, then an alert message will be sent to their parents since their parents will be mainly controlling their accounts. Wow, this sounds good. I wish you good luck with your ongoing hackathon. Thanks a lot Raj. Yeah, I think that's it. That's what I wanted to ask you about. I think I'm all set over here. Thank you. Have a good day. Thank you. You too. Bye.
Summarise this meeting
Arshad and Raj discuss Arshad's participation in a product management hackathon organized by the APMC club at Northeastern. Arshad explains that the hackathon involves building an MVP for a product that caters to a demographic ranging from children to old age people in the US. Arshad's team is building TikTok for kids, which includes parental controls and focuses on educational content. The hackathon involves pitching the idea in a PowerPoint presentation and building the MVP using a no-code platform. Raj wishes Arshad good luck and the meeting ends.
How many people were talking in this meeting and what were their names?
Two people were talking in this meeting. Their names are Arshad and Raj.
Is this meeting a generic discussion or focused on a specific project?
The meeting is focused on a specific project - a product management hackathon being organized by the APMC club at Northeastern University, and the participant's idea to build a TikTok for kids.
What were the topics discussed during this meeting?
The topics discussed during this meeting were the speaker's participation in a product management hackathon, the problem statement for the hackathon, the speaker's idea for a product (TikTok for Kids), the features of the product, and the format for the hackathon.
