Live from NPR News in Washington, I'm Korva Coleman. The U.S. military says it's conducted airstrikes in northeast Syria. This is in response to an earlier drone attack that killed a U.S. contractor. NPR's Dave Misnich reports another U.S. contractor and five U.S. service personnel were also injured. The Pentagon says an unmanned aerial vehicle struck a maintenance facility on a coalition base in northeast Syria Thursday afternoon. According to the Pentagon, U.S. officials assessed the drone was Iranian in origin. Officials say two of the wounded service members were treated on site, while the other four Americans were evacuated to coalition medical facilities in Iraq. U.S. Secretary of Defense Lloyd Austin says the counterstrike targeted facilities used by groups affiliated with Iran's Islamic Revolutionary Guard. The Pentagon claims the action was proportionate and deliberate, intending to limit escalation and minimize casualties. Dave Misnich, NPR News. President Biden is in Canada. He's been welcomed by Prime Minister Justin Trudeau. Biden will address the Canadian Parliament later today. Unions continue protests in France today against a measure increasing the retirement age from 62 to 64 years old. The protests are so widespread that Britain's King Charles has postponed his planned visit to France next week to an undetermined date. A three-day strike against the Los Angeles Unified School District is over. Support staff such as bus drivers and cafeteria workers were off the job, demanding a higher wage offer from school officials. Teachers assistant Sofia Munoz says many of the workers earn little more than minimum wage. We're hoping just to bring awareness and let the superintendent know that we're here to make a difference. If you don't give us what we want, then this is what's going to happen. Now you're going to see how much of a difference we're going to make without us being in our jobs. While support staff are demanding a 30 percent pay increase, the Los Angeles school system is offering a 23 percent hike. Utah has enacted legislation aimed at protecting young people on social media. Republican Governor Spencer Cox signed into law two bills aimed at regulating companies such as Facebook and Twitter. For member station KUER in Salt Lake City, Sean Higgins has more. One law enacts an age verification process for anyone seeking access to social media. Minors would also need parental consent before opening an account. It also prevents minors from using social media between the hours of 10.30 p.m. and 6.30 a.m. unless a parent changes those settings. A second piece of legislation blocks social media companies from using any design or feature that could cause minors to become addicted to the platform. Governor Cox told reporters earlier this month that he expects social media to be cut.
